Stricter evaluation of docs blocks (#7947)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/04-upgrading-to-fusion.md

Fusion will error out during `parse`.

#### Stricter evaluation of duplicate docs blocks

> In older versions of dbt Core, it was possible to create scenarios with duplicate [docs blocks](/docs/build/documentation#using-docs-blocks). For example, you can have two packages with identical docs blocks referenced by an unqualified name in your dbt project. In this case dbt Core would use whichever docs block is referenced without any warnings are errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In older versions of <Constant name="core" />, it was possible to create scenarios with duplicate [docs blocks](/docs/build/documentation#using-docs-blocks). For example, you can have two packages with identical docs blocks referenced by an unqualified name in your dbt project. In this case, <Constant name="core" /> would use whichever docs block is referenced without any warnings or errors. 
```

> Fusion adds stricter evaluation of docs blocks names to prevent such ambiguity. It will present an error if it detects duplicate docs blocks names:

Reviewer: Might be easier to read this way:
```suggestion
<Constant name="fusion" /> adds stricter evaluation of names of docs blocks to prevent such ambiguity. It will present an error if it detects duplicate names:
```
